Monitoring (#362)
vespa-engine/sample-apps: album-recommendation-random-data/README.md

> <!-- Copyright 2017 Yahoo Holdings. Licensed under the terms of the Apache 2.0 license. See LICENSE in the project root. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Copyright Verizon Media. Licensed under the terms of the Apache 2.0 license. See LICENSE in the project root. -->
```
